Latest Articles - Press Gazette Sign In Sign Out Account Fighting for quality news media in the digital age. All Sections Search Latest Gen AI Adtech Publishers PG Events Data Podcast Search Home Latest Gen AI Adtech Publishers Back to all sections B2B Broadcast Journalism Digital Journalism Magazines National Newspapers Regional Newspapers Photography Wires and Agencies PG Events Data Back to all sections Audience Data Business Data Podcast Explore Press Gazette All Latest Articles News Generative AI in Publishing Comment North America Paywalls Podcasts Newsletters Obituaries Ads & Marketing B2B National Newspapers Broadcast Journalism Digital Journalism Magazines Regional Newspapers Wires and Agencies Media Business Media Law All Articles Sun Madeleine McCann documentary to be shown first on Channel 4 The Sun worked with ITN Productions on Madeleine McCann: The Unseen Evidence. By Dominic Ponsford DC Thomson promotes chief brand officer Ella Dolphin to deputy CEO The company said the appointment would help it increase its focus on M&A and a broader company "transformation". By Bron Maher Impartial Reporter stems print decline and grows digital sales as it turns 200 Northern Ireland title has invested in original journalism and used AI to rewrite supplied stories. By Bron Maher 2025 journalism job cuts tracked: Houston Landing closes, Quartz sale results in newsroom layoffs This page will stay up-to-date with redundancies and layoffs hitting UK and US journalists in 2025. By Charlotte Tobitt News diary 5-11 May: Harry vs Mail hearing, Met Gala, BAFTAs, VE Day commemorations A look ahead at the key events leading the news agenda next week, from the team at Foresight News. By Foresight News UK local publisher ‘deeply concerned’ about Facebook account ban ahead of election Leicester Gazette told it breached "account integrity" rules and not able to appeal. By Charlotte Tobitt RSF downgrades global press freedom index to all-time low The global average press freedom score has fallen for the first time into RSF's "difficult" territory. By Bron Maher 50 biggest UK news websites: Substack enters ranking in March Press Gazette's monthly ranking of the top 50 news websites in the UK. By Press Gazette Evening Standard reports £20m loss in slight improvement versus 2023 The company says Evgeny Lebedev has agreed to fund the Standard's restructure through to 2027. By Bron Maher Ofcom says enforcement action coming as Press Gazette highlights Facebook offences Ofcom has power to fine Facebook over illegal content under the Online Safety Act. By Dominic Ponsford Essex Police loses accuracy complaint versus Telegraph over Allison Pearson questioning IPSO also rules that it is fine for publishers to cover ongoing criminal investigations. By Dominic Ponsford How Express editor Tom Hunt plans to set title up for next 125 years Defence, politics, royals and gardening identified as strong areas for Express. By Charlotte Tobitt Google and Meta’s vast estimated UK earnings revealed Press Gazette estimates put the total value of UK adspend with Google and Meta at around £26bn. By Dominic Ponsford B2B title ESG Investor closes amid ‘anti-woke’ backlash to sustainable investing Editor Chris Hall said challenges to its previously break-even model emerged nine to 12 months ago. By Bron Maher Samsung rolls out new default news app in UK Samsung says it wants to curate unbiased news for its Galaxy device users. By Charlotte Tobitt Partner content Content licensing for publishers: Five key questions answered There are huge opportunities for publishers to make revenue from existing content and brands at no extra costs By Wright's Media UK news media rich list 2025: Business information chiefs top executive pay table The median pay rise among media executives making at least £400,000 was 2.2%, down from 3% last year. By Bron Maher Cancer-campaign journalist among winners at new Reach awards Jane Haynes and Zak Gurner-Purkis jointly named journalist of the year at Reach. By Dominic Ponsford Press Gazette is recruiting a reporter/feature writer Job advert for someone to join Press Gazette team. By Dominic Ponsford Facebook allows scam ads stealing journalists’ identities to proliferate Facebook investment scam fronted by FT journalist Martin Wolf seen by millions. By Dominic Ponsford PA Media names Global’s David Henderson as CTO David Henderson is currently chief technology and product officer at radio company Global. By Charlotte Tobitt ‘The opposite of what Hitler would do’ on better paper: Observer relaunched by Tortoise James Harding says Observer will be independent, liberal and internationalist under Tortoise. By Dominic Ponsford News diary 28 April – 4 May: UK local elections, first Russell Brand court hearing A look ahead at the key events leading the news agenda next week, from the team at Foresight News. By Foresight News Who’s suing AI and who’s signing: Ziff Davis sues OpenAI after Washington Post signs deal 14 major publishers sue AI start-up Cohere Inc. By Charlotte Tobitt Grand Designs and Good Homes magazines end print publication The digital publisher at parent company Media 10 said the titles would continue to accept pitches online. By Anna Tobin and Bron Maher Google scraps plans for alternative Sandbox ad-targeting technology Move removes 'fog of uncertainty' hanging over digital advertising market. By Dominic Ponsford EU’s €500m fine of Apple and enforcement action is good news for publishers Apple now has 60 days to change rules removing App Store 'excessive fees and friction'. By Dominic Ponsford Tortoise plans for The Observer: ‘We can buck the market trend’ Press Gazette speaks to new co-CEO, digital editor and creative director of The Observer under Tortoise. By Charlotte Tobitt Politico Europe reports ‘significant growth’ as its team reaches 350 people Senior executive editor Kate Day said mixed business model gives brand resilience despite DOGE-related cutbacks. By Bron Maher How Mail has gained thousands of subscribers for crime podcasts DMG Media's "The Crime Desk" is the company's first paid podcast subscription offer. By Bron Maher UK journalists are getting older, more left-wing and increasingly work freelance Reuters survey provides snapshot of UK journalists in 2025 including gender, race and age. By Charlotte Tobitt PA Media proposing to cut 8% of UK editorial staff Proposed editorial restructure comes almost four months after arrival of editor-in-chief Jack Lefley. By Charlotte Tobitt Positive news monthly Plymouth Chronicle sees bright future for print The 15 year-old local paper says it was surprised to learn it's a hit among local students. By Bron Maher Why UK’s contempt of court laws need reform for digital age Disorder after the Southport stabbings last summer has been called an "indirect result of contempt of court laws". By Gill Phillips ‘Unsustainable status quo’: AI companies and publishers respond to Govt copyright consultation Opt-out proposal like burglars being allowed unless banned by sign on front door, one response says. By Bron Maher AI scraper violations and what we can do about them: New research reveals scale of problem Paul Hood reveals data from new Miso.AI research into AI scrapers and suggests some tech solutions. By Paul Hood Facebook increasing as part of social traffic mix after algorithm change, data shows More than a third of major global news websites saw both Facebook share and total social referral traffic growth… By Charlotte Tobitt Cision closes journalism jobs board and sells expert enquiry service Cision Jobs website to close on 30 April. Separately, Help A Reporter Out (HARO) to relaunch under new owner… By Charlotte Tobitt Newspaper ABCs: Sunday People sees biggest annual print circulation decline Press Gazette's monthly analysis of ABC national newspaper circulation figures. By Charlotte Tobitt Global ad spend against news down by a third since pre-Covid Professionally-produced content being overtaken for ad spend by creators and influencers. By Charlotte Tobitt Digital publisher display revenues stabilise for first time in two years Digital revenue needle barely moves during post-Covid era, according to AOP analysis. By Richard Reeves BBC study revealing scale of AI-generated news inaccuracies is ‘crucial checkpoint’ but we shouldn’t write the tech off Paul Doyle says AI issues need to be addressed at risk of "integrity of our entire information ecosystem". By Paul Doyle UK ‘at risk of evolving into propaganda regime’ with unenforced FOI rules and official secrecy Journalists interviewed for a study said failure to comply with FOI rules at public bodies is now "par for… By Bron Maher Reach digital pioneer Belfast Live marks 10 years: ‘We’re positive and proudly non-partisan’ Editor Sheena McStravick has worked at Belfast Live for its whole ten years, starting as a live news journalist. By Charlotte Tobitt Long-serving Daily Mail travel and property editor Mark Palmer to stand down Harriet Sime to become head of travel at the Mail titles across print and online. By Press Gazette G/O Media CEO says future for Quartz ‘extremely bright’ despite newsroom being laid off After sale of Quartz to software firm, co-founder Zach Seward called it a "zombie brand". By Charlotte Tobitt Guardian investigation into Noel Clarke was ‘careful and thorough’, court told Closing arguments made in Noel Clarke v Guardian News & Media libel trial. By PA Media Partner content How advertisers and publishers can unlock branded content growth Branded content is the most effective form of marketing yet hard to scale - until now. By Avid Collective News diary 14-20 April: Katy Perry and Lauren Sanchez go to space, Andrew Tate High Court hearing A look ahead at the key events leading the news agenda next week, from the team at Foresight News. By Foresight News Publishers delete and amend stories based on dubious experts News UK, Reach and Yahoo News remove stories from archive after Press Gazette investigation. By Rob Waugh French policy title Contexte takes on Politico with English-language launch Subscription-based news product expands in Brussels and publishes in English for first time. By Charlotte Tobitt Dotdash Meredith makes major investment in ‘Tiktok-like’ People app Dotdash Meredith CEO Neil Vogel say People's first app is "really different" and "really awesome". By Dominic Ponsford Anushka Asthana joins Channel 4 News as US editor Asthana has been deputy political editor at ITV News since 2021. By Charlotte Tobitt Top 50 news websites in the world: New York Times overtakes BBC Press Gazette's analysis of the 50 biggest English-language news websites in the world, updated monthly. By Press Gazette Top 50 news websites in the US: The Atlantic saw 40% rise in visits amid group chat scoop Press Gazette's monthly ranking of the top 50 news websites in the US, using Similarweb data. By Press Gazette Trump’s threat to global media is more wide-ranging than just a trade war INMA CEO Earl Wilkinson lays out Donald Trump's threat to news media globally. By Dominic Ponsford Economist president Luke Bradley-Jones on building a moat to defend against AI Luke Bradley-Jones took over as president and MD of the 183-year-old business brand last year. By Dominic Ponsford AI could see investment flow back to newsroom from the IT department Former Evening Standard CEO considers the practical opportunities stemming from AI in publishing. By Paul Kanareck Dow Jones spikes NUJ negotiations to recognise News UK-funded ‘News Union’ The NUJ said the agreement was "cynical" and represented "the worst traditions of union busting". By Bron Maher Dan Wootton accused of ‘catfishing’ former colleague, court hears Wootton's lawyers failed in attempt to reveal identity of claimant. By PA Media IPSO decides not to launch Jewish Chronicle standards investigation Calls for standards investigation began in 2021 and revived in September 2024 after Elon Perry incident. By Charlotte Tobitt Investigatory Powers Tribunal rejects Government secrecy over Apple encryption case The IPT also raised the prospect that future hearings around the case may be held in public. By Bron Maher PR industry alarmed at rise of fake commenters exposed by Press Gazette Publishers are reviewing their procedures on the use of journalist-request platforms. By Dominic Ponsford Why The Independent wants readers to download browser extension for personalised music ads Guardian also signed up to try out the new music-themed adtech. By Charlotte Tobitt ITN records lowest profit in a decade as non-news revenue dips The company generated profit of £800,000, down from £1.5m the year before. By Bron Maher Guardian editor Kath Viner: ‘Clear public interest’ in exposing Noel Clarke allegations Kath Viner says newspaper reported on what was "something of an open secret" in the film and TV industry. By PA Media Gen Z outlet says it proves young people will pay for news done the right way RocaNews was founded in 2020 by three men in their 20s who were disillusioned with the news. By Charlotte Tobitt Virtual reality: The widely-quoted media experts who are not what they seem One commentator contacted by Press Gazette does not exist and another declined to share credentials or other proof. By Rob Waugh Daily Mail and New Scientist sign IP deal with SMG for films and TV shows The deal seeks to create shows across categories including true crime, sport and showbusiness. By Bron Maher News diary 7 – 13 April: US tariffs in effect, Istanbul mayor due in court A look ahead at the key events leading the news agenda next week, from the team at Foresight News. By Foresight News Print is still top-three revenue driver for US publishers says AAM chief AAM says some publishers are not reporting key digital readership figures, creating an inaccurate picture of the industry's health. By Bron Maher Guardian journalist on Noel Clarke investigation: ‘I felt that it was a story to be made public’ Guardian journalist Sirin Kale gives evidence at High Court. By PA Media The Economist 1843’s remit for life after print: ‘Do stuff that will win prizes’ 1843 editor Jonathan Beckman has remit to publish "one really good piece a week". By Charlotte Tobitt Actress Kate Beckinsale secures removal of Mail Online ‘weight loss’ article The Mail said Beckinsale had "opened up" about the "difficult time" she was going through. By Charlotte Tobitt BBC Politics Live presenter Jo Coburn succeeded by Vicki Young Coburn to be succeeded by Vicki Young. By Charlotte Tobitt Perhaps Google is really worth nothing to the news industry Google supplies traffic (and cash) to many indivdual publishers but is it really worth nothing in the bigger picture? By Dominic Young ‘Tough love’: Reuters Institute chief says news industry has ‘lost way’ with audiences Mitali Mukherjee argued "the news misses its audiences, but the audience doesn't miss the news". By Bron Maher Independent says readers ‘often prefer’ stories on new AI ‘Bulletin’ to human-written versions Independent UK editor Chloe Hubbard said the new AI-written service "works commercially". By Bron Maher Facebook profits from scam investment site using name of CNN anchor Richard Quest Paid adverts on Facebook also hijacked CNBC commentator Karen Finerman and leading names from finance industry. By Dominic Ponsford Observer makes four sport hires as takeover date approaches Former Observer chief sports writer Paul Hayward and The Athletic's Rory Smith among new hires. By Charlotte Tobitt Guardian journalist defends putting Noel Clarke investigation sources in touch Lucy Osborne says women "nervous about going on the record" spoke after their Guardian interviews. By Charlotte Tobitt Who are the UK’s political editors? From broadcast to print Political editors are a vital part of any media outlet. Here are the main ones across print and broadcast. By Press Gazette Newsquest now employing 36 ‘AI-assisted reporters’ And leaders at The Guardian, Times and Sun warn of risks from "non-canon" AI-summarised news. By Bron Maher Rachel Sylvester named Observer political editor as around half staff leave title Around half current Observer staff have taken redundancy rather than join Tortoise Media. By Dominic Ponsford and Bron Maher Telegraph takes down Stop Funding Hate article after legal threat Telegraph agrees to pay campaign group's legal costs. By Charlotte Tobitt Guardian journalist checked Noel Clarke allegations ‘again and again’ Lucy Osborne, one of the two main Guardian reporters involved in the investigation, gives evidence. By PA Media Noel Clarke ‘pressured women to keep quiet’ ahead of Guardian publication Guardian head of investigations Paul Lewis gives evidence in libel trial. By PA Media and Press Gazette Vox sees boom in paying readers for explainer journalism under Trump 2 Editor Swati Sharma on how Vox has evolved now everyone is doing explainers. By Charlotte Tobitt Former Express editor Gary Jones joins Dale Vince’s Ecotricity Jones was editor of the Express until September 2024. By Dominic Ponsford Losses shrink at The Sun as Times reports £60m profit Hacking costs down for News Group Newspapers in year to 30 June 2024. By Charlotte Tobitt Guido Fawkes owner Paul Staines pays £75,000 libel case costs to Dale Vince Libel action over Times Radio interview write-up settled - but war of words continues. By Dominic Ponsford BBC to ‘open up conversation’ with AI providers and invest further in Tiktok BBC will also expand BBC Verify and evolve news on iPlayer. By Charlotte Tobitt Mirror editor says newsroom ‘coming along on journey’ with page-view targets Society of Editors panel discussed clickbait, lies told about AI and need for newsroom optimists. By Charlotte Tobitt Reach CEO Jim Mullen steps down with immediate effect Reach chief revenue officer Piers North promoted to CEO. By Charlotte Tobitt Southport knife attack misinformation due to police PR secrecy say crime journalists College of Policing has written to Attorney General seeking changes to PR policies. By Bron Maher Two LBC News launch presenters to leave after five years Lisa Aziz and Martin Stanford to say goodbye to radio station. By Charlotte Tobitt News diary 31 March – 6 April: TikTok divestment deadline, NI changes take effect A look ahead at the key events leading the news agenda next week, from the team at Foresight News. By Foresight News NewsGuard wins free speech ruling in battle with Roger Waters-backed publisher Consortium News argued NewsGuard had defamed it and infringed its First Amendment rights. By Bron Maher Showbiz editors say newsroom culture will change post Millie Bobby Brown ‘bullying’ video Senior editors from Mail, Mirror and Sun say body-shaming of female celebs in media is wrong. By Charlotte Tobitt Immediate Media’s Good Food plans video expansion after record revenue 2024 Why new kitchen at Immediate Media HQ will be "big part" of Good Food's future. By Charlotte Tobitt Press Gazette About us Home Page Contact us Advertising & Partnerships Social Facebook Twitter Legals Editorial standards/Complaints and Corrections Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Fighting for quality news media in the digital age. © Copyright 2025 PROGRESSIVE MEDIA INVESTMENTS LTD. Websites in our network