The future of publishing: Press Gazette's coverage of news media Sign In Sign Out Account Fighting for quality news media in the digital age. All Sections Search In this section B2B Broadcast Journalism Digital Journalism Magazines National Newspapers Regional Newspapers Photography Wires and Agencies Search Home Latest Gen AI Adtech Publishers Back to all sections B2B Broadcast Journalism Digital Journalism Magazines National Newspapers Regional Newspapers Photography Wires and Agencies PG Events Data Back to all sections Audience Data Business Data Podcast Explore Press Gazette All Latest Articles News Generative AI in Publishing Comment North America Paywalls Podcasts Newsletters Obituaries Ads & Marketing B2B National Newspapers Broadcast Journalism Digital Journalism Magazines Regional Newspapers Wires and Agencies Media Business Media Law Publishers Press Gazette’s coverage of all media publishers: print, online, broadcast and B2B. This is the place to find must-read content about the future of the media industry Sun Madeleine McCann documentary to be shown first on Channel 4 The Sun worked with ITN Productions on Madeleine McCann: The Unseen Evidence. By Dominic Ponsford Latest in
                Publishers Impartial Reporter stems print decline and grows digital sales as it turns 200 Northern Ireland title has invested in original journalism and used AI to rewrite supplied stories. By Bron Maher 2025 journalism job cuts tracked: Houston Landing closes, Quartz sale results in newsroom layoffs This page will stay up-to-date with redundancies and layoffs hitting UK and US journalists in 2025. By Charlotte Tobitt UK local publisher ‘deeply concerned’ about Facebook account ban ahead of election Leicester Gazette told it breached "account integrity" rules and not able to appeal. By Charlotte Tobitt Evening Standard reports £20m loss in slight improvement versus 2023 The company says Evgeny Lebedev has agreed to fund the Standard's restructure through to 2027. By Bron Maher How Express editor Tom Hunt plans to set title up for next 125 years Defence, politics, royals and gardening identified as strong areas for Express. By Charlotte Tobitt B2B title ESG Investor closes amid ‘anti-woke’ backlash to sustainable investing Editor Chris Hall said challenges to its previously break-even model emerged nine to 12 months ago. By Bron Maher Samsung rolls out new default news app in UK Samsung says it wants to curate unbiased news for its Galaxy device users. By Charlotte Tobitt See more in Publishers Press Gazette About us Home Page Contact us Advertising & Partnerships Social Facebook Twitter Legals Editorial standards/Complaints and Corrections Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Fighting for quality news media in the digital age. © Copyright 2025 PROGRESSIVE MEDIA INVESTMENTS LTD. Websites in our network