Data Archives - Press Gazette Sign In Sign Out Account Fighting for quality news media in the digital age. All Sections Search In this section Audience Data Business Data Search Home Latest Gen AI Adtech Publishers Back to all sections B2B Broadcast Journalism Digital Journalism Magazines National Newspapers Regional Newspapers Photography Wires and Agencies PG Events Data Back to all sections Audience Data Business Data Podcast Explore Press Gazette All Latest Articles News Generative AI in Publishing Comment North America Paywalls Podcasts Newsletters Obituaries Ads & Marketing B2B National Newspapers Broadcast Journalism Digital Journalism Magazines Regional Newspapers Wires and Agencies Media Business Media Law Data Audience data and business data covering the news and media industry Audience Data 50 biggest UK news websites: Substack enters ranking in March Press Gazette's monthly ranking of the top 50 news websites in the UK. By Press Gazette Audience Data Facebook increasing as part of social traffic mix after algorithm change, data shows Charlotte Tobitt Audience Data Newspaper ABCs: Sunday People sees biggest annual print circulation decline Charlotte Tobitt Audience Data Top 50 news websites in the world: New York Times overtakes BBC Press Gazette Audience Data Top 50 news websites in the US: The Atlantic saw 40% rise in visits amid group chat scoop Press Gazette North America Print is still top-three revenue driver for US publishers says AAM chief Bron Maher Audience Data Biggest local news sites: Surrey Live grows audience 300% in a year Bron Maher Business Data AI and events help power RELX to record £9.4bn revenue Business information giant is UK's largest media company by revenue. By Dominic Ponsford Media Business News Corp results cite Sun traffic decline but growing Times subscriptions Charlotte Tobitt Data First Google core update of 2024 brings bad news for most news publishers Aisha Majid Data UK news media rich list 2024: 60 highest-earning execs revealed Aisha Majid Regional Newspapers Colossal decline of UK regional media since 2007 revealed Dominic Ponsford Media Business Global news industry trends for 2024: Publishers optimistic on new revenue streams Charlotte Tobitt Data Seven charts that explain the news industry in 2023: From declining ad spend to growth of AI Aisha Majid Magazine Audience Data Audience Data Women’s interest magazine ABCs: Four out of 60 titles see print growth in 2024 Charlotte Tobitt Magazines Magazine ABCs 2024: Half of print titles see distribution drop 10% or more Bron Maher Audience Data ABCs: 55% of digital magazine circulation comes from Spotify-style services Charlotte Tobitt Audience Data News and current affairs magazine ABCs 2024: Prospect digital growth offsets print decline Charlotte Tobitt Audience Data Magazine ABCs 2023: Full breakdown of titles shows 12.4% circulation fall Bron Maher Audience Data Magazine ABCs 2023: Private Eye sales dip as current affairs mags flag Dominic Ponsford More Data Regional newspaper ABCs: No UK daily now has print circulation of 20,000 or more Total regional daily circulations fell 16% compared with 2023 while those at non-dailies dropped 14%. By Bron Maher Top 50 magazines in the US: The Atlantic is fastest growing title in second half of 2024 Print circulation across the top 50 US magazines fell 5% year-on-year. By Bron Maher US newspaper circulations 2024: LA Times loses quarter of print circulation in a year No US newspaper now has a print circulation of 500,000 or more copies a day. By Bron Maher ChatGPT referrals to top publishers up eight times in six months but still negligible Among the sites analysed, the New York Post and Forbes saw the most traffic from AI platforms. By Bron Maher 100k Club: 2025 ranking of world’s biggest news publishers by digital subscribers The 50 leading paywalled news publishers in the world have seen strong growth. By Charlotte Tobitt RAJARs Q4 2024: Times Radio grows amid declines at Talk and GB News Meanwhile the weekly reach of Radio 5 Live dropped below that of the BBC's local and regional stations. By Bron Maher Associated Press finds growing consumer audience for ‘fact-based’ journalism AP exec editor Julie Pace says audience has responded to fact-based non-partisan journalism. By Charlotte Tobitt Biggest news publishers on Youtube: 100+ publishers have more than 1m subscribers The most subscribed publisher account on Youtube is Vice — but it's narrowly beaten by Joe Rogan. By Bron Maher UK’s biggest online publishers: Reddit growing fast, Mail sees sharp traffic drop BBC in fifth place behind four tech giants: Alphabet, Meta, Amazon and Microsoft. By Charlotte Tobitt Most popular news apps in the UK: BBC News now bigger than Apple News Users of Samsung's free news app Upday fell by 44% in a year to one million. By Charlotte Tobitt GB News live TV audience overtook Sky News in November BARB data for live TV viewing showed GB News boost in November. By Charlotte Tobitt Young UK adults read average of six news stories per day, research finds Tracking data suggests young adults in UK are more interested in news than they say they are. By Dominic Ponsford Top publishers saw less traffic on day of 2024 US election versus 2020 The AP and NBC News saw their traffic grow while the NYT, CNN and Fox all shed visitors. By Bron Maher Comscore data: Independent overtook Mail and Guardian in US in September But Mail says it remains bigger in US on page views and engagement. By Charlotte Tobitt RAJARs Q3 2024: GB News Radio weekly reach overtakes Talkradio Meanwhile BBC local and regional saw reach decline both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter. By Bron Maher Online overtakes TV as biggest source of news in UK for first time Internet is top source of news - but within that, social media beats publishers. By Charlotte Tobitt UK local news websites see audience bounceback Updated ranking of top 78 UK local news websites for July 2024. By Dominic Ponsford Regional daily ABCs: Print circulation down by average of 17% in first half of 2024 More than half of the regional daily newspapers included in the ABC report had a circulation below 5,000. By Charlotte Tobitt How Paris Olympics led to traffic boost for leading news publishers Olympics website data deep dive for leading UK and US publishers. By Bron Maher Independent production companies dominate true crime podcast rankings in UK Wondery, The New Yorker and The Times share why they think the industry is taking off. By Thomas Hunter Two news publishers have 20m+ Instagram followers: Leading UK and US titles ranked New York Post is the fastest-growing over a two-year period. By Retha Kruger and Charlotte Tobitt Fastest-growing news publishers on Tiktok since start of 2023 revealed Press Gazette analysis reveals which outlets currently have the biggest presence on the platform. By Thomas Hunter July is best month for BBC and Sky TV news channels since October 2022 Particular milestone for Sky News as it crosses 10 million TV viewers in a month for the first time… By Charlotte Tobitt RAJARs Q2 2024: GB News Radio weekly reach overtakes Times Radio It was also a good quarter for 5 Live and Talksport, likely thanks to the Euros and other footballing… By Charlotte Tobitt Gary Lineker’s The Rest Is Football dominates booming UK sport podcasts market Presenters/producers for High Performance, Football Weekly and The Cycling Podcast share why podcasting is the right medium. By Thomas Hunter Top newsbrands for converting readers to subscribers revealed Analysis shows how many paying readers are among their online audiences of major subscription newsbrands By Aisha Majid News and politics page views reach record high in 2024 election week 2024 election results week page views beat previous record of week Liz Truss became PM and the Queen died. By Charlotte Tobitt Podcasts continue to grow in popularity in UK as BBC reveals data insights The BBC's data shows that while podcast audiences grow, Gen Z interest has dipped since pandemic. By Bron Maher RAJARs Q1 2024: Hit to BBC local radio continues as LBC’s Nick Ferrari is breakfast winner Listening hours to BBC local radio in England down by 10% for second quarter in a row. By Charlotte Tobitt Facebook’s referral traffic for publishers down 50% in 12 months Referrals to news sites from Facebook have fallen 50% in one year By Aisha Majid US interest in local news tumbles as 15% say they have paid for it in last year Nearly half of those not paying for local news say they can find it for free. By Bron Maher Sun and Mail neck and neck in terms of UK audience reach – but one edges ahead Statistical dead heat continues for UK's two biggest commercial newsbrands. By Charlotte Tobitt How under-35s’ interest in news has collapsed and what we can do about it Data shows scale of collapse in young people's interest in news - and which news organisations are doing best… By Luba Kassova How Independent’s Buzzfeed deal supercharges its social media reach Food network Tasty UK has 20 million followers on Facebook alone. By Dominic Ponsford Widening gulf between weekday and Saturday UK newspaper sales revealed FT Weekend circulation is 106% higher than its weekday readership. By Charlotte Tobitt Partisan publishers: Why Keir Starmer will have an easier election than Neil Kinnock Press Gazette has analysed press circulation, website and broadcast data to weigh the strength of right-wing media. By Dominic Ponsford Regional ABCs: Print decline for UK dailies averaged 19% in second half of 2023 Data reveals further large drops in UK regional print circulation, but there are digital gains for some. By Aisha Majid ABCs: UK digital magazine sales surge boosted by Spotify-style bundled subscriptions UK magazine titles report surge in access to digital editions according to ABC. By Dominic Ponsford Top 25 US newspaper circulations: Print circulations of largest titles fall 14% in year to September 2023 The half year to September 2023 saw more print decline for the biggest titles in the US, although digital… By Aisha Majid Press Gazette tops the chart for media business news in the UK and US Press Gazette has evolved to focus on the business side of media since 2020. By Dominic Ponsford RAJARs: BBC local radio sees sharp listener decline in Q4 2023 amid cutbacks Full breakdown of speech and news-based radio listening figures for Q4 2023 from RAJAR. By Charlotte Tobitt Two-thirds of Brits follow local news, mostly via social media and TV Ofcom's survey suggests Northern Ireland follows local news more than anywhere else in the UK. By Bron Maher 100k Club: Exclusive ranking of world’s top paywalled news publishers Press Gazette's 100k Club finds over 39 million digital news subscriptions across the largest English-language publishers By Aisha Majid Most popular news apps in the UK in October: Strong growth at Money Saving Expert and GB News Press Gazette's quarterly ranking of the most popular news apps in the UK, using data from Ipsos iris. By Aisha Majid The audience data behind Reach decision to close 13 regional newsbrands Ten sites have announced they will no longer be updated from Thursday. By Charlotte Tobitt Regional digital top 50: Half of UK’s biggest local news websites grew audience in September Press Gazette ranks the UK's biggest regional and local news websites by audience size. By Aisha Majid UK’s biggest online publishers in September 2023: News UK and Mail Metro Media fall out of top ten Press Gazette's ranking of the biggest online publishers in the UK, using Ipsos iris data. By Aisha Majid RAJARs: BBC Radio 5 Live sees growth but World Service slumps below 1m in UK GB News Radio saw 25% annual growth, but remains bottom-ranked on our list. By Bron Maher Biggest news publishers on Youtube: GB News and Piers Morgan Uncensored pass 1m subscribers GB News also topped 1bn views and is claiming to be the fastest-growing UK publisher ever on Youtube. By Bron Maher Who owns the news? Mail titles, News UK and Reach dominate, report finds Report finds that three UK publishers control 90% of print reach and 40% of online reach. By Aisha Majid Mail and Sun in dead heat for title of most-read UK commercial newsbrand Pamco data puts The Sun on top for daily and weekly figures but the Mail claims the monthly win. By Charlotte Tobitt Ranked: Most popular technology news websites in UK in 2023 ZD Net is the top B2B title, while Future-owned publications dominate the consumer sector. By Aisha Majid Ten major trends in news consumption publishers need to be thinking about "Part of the problem is that we are optimising on sites for the super users." By Dominic Ponsford Ranked: Most popular women’s and men’s lifestyle websites in UK in 2023 Hello!, Good Housekeeping and OK! lead the women's online market. By Aisha Majid Regional ABCs: UK daily local newspaper circulation down 20% in first half of 2023 The Irish News overtook the Press & Journal, which has been the best-selling regional daily since 2018. By Aisha Majid Most popular news apps in the UK: Paywalled Times and Telegraph report highest time spent per user Press Gazette's quarterly ranking of the most popular news apps in the UK, using data from Ipsos iris. By Aisha Majid MPs’ most trusted news brands: FT and Times top the table Conservative MPs trust The Times and The Telegraph the most. By Charlotte Tobitt News is second most popular type of social media video – Ofcom Ofcom report also shows interest in news on speech radio versus podcasts. By Aisha Majid RAJARs: Talkradio and GB News Radio grow as other speech stations slump RAJARs for Q2 2023 show a mixed bag for news and current affairs-based stations. By Aisha Majid Ranked: Most popular websites for business news in UK in 2023 Press Gazette's ranking of the UK's most popular business and finance news websites By Aisha Majid Most popular news sources in the UK: Tiktok overtakes BBC Radio 1 and Channel 5 One in ten adults used Tiktok for news in 2023, putting it on a par with The Guardian. By Aisha Majid Who reads The Telegraph? Online and print audience and reader demographic breakdown for The Telegraph By Aisha Majid Most popular websites for sports news in UK: updated ranking Press Gazette's ranking of the top sports newsbrands in the UK. By Aisha Majid The gender consumption gap for online news and how publishers can address it 60% of visits to 48 major news websites in May were made by men. By Luba Kassova Who reads The Sun? Circulation and reader demographic breakdown for The Sun. By Charlotte Tobitt Ranked: News publishers’ Instagram growth from 2021 to 2023 BBC News is the biggest newsbrand on Instagram, while Healthline Media is the fastest-growing. By Aisha Majid Top 25 US newspaper circulations: Largest print titles fall 14% in year to March 2023 The biggest print titles in the US continue to shed circulation in 2023. By Aisha Majid GB News digital chief: ‘We’re in the foothills of what we’re hoping to achieve’ Former Express digital guru Geoff Marsh discusses GB News' digital journey. By Aisha Majid Trust and subscribers up, social overtaking TV: US news trends for 2023 Social media is set to finally become a bigger source of news for Americans than TV. By Bron Maher Trust, paywalls and generation social: 2023 online news trends in six charts Six charts that sum up the Reuters Institute Digital News Report's annual look at the global news industry. By Aisha Majid Podcast audience insights: Listeners are young, affluent and educated Nic Newman shares insights into podcasting and news from the Reuters Digital News Report 2023. By Nic Newman Social media eclipses publishers as entry point for news – but Facebook fading Facebook remained the most important social network for news despite the decline. By Aisha Majid News avoidance and trust deficit key challenges for UK publishers Trust in news in the UK was at 33%, joint 12th lowest among 46 markets. By Aisha Majid Regional top 50: Reach newsbrands dominate ranking despite overall audience drop Press Gazette ranks the UK's biggest regional and local newsbrands by audience size. By Aisha Majid Twitter’s shrinking role as traffic source for news publishers revealed Twitter – already a small source of clicks for publishers – has further declined in importance. By Aisha Majid Audience up but revenue still biggest challenge for independent news publishers Most of the UK population read independent news publishers, although revenue remains a challenge for the sector. By Aisha Majid Trust low, perception of spin and misreporting high, and attention spans dip: News habits survey The survey found almost half of people feel negative after watching or reading the news. By Aisha Majid RAJARs: Talkradio posts record reach after TalkTV launch but Times Radio down The BBC's on-demand content showed growth despite falls in its speech radio stations. By Aisha Majid As Reach warns of traffic slowdown: How Facebook referrals to publishers have plummeted Data from Chartbeat and Similarweb shows how news publisher Facebook traffic has fallen. By Aisha Majid Most popular news apps in the UK: BBC closes the gap on Apple Press Gazette's quarterly ranking of the most popular news apps in the UK, using data from Ipsos iris. By Aisha Majid Search vs social: How referral traffic to news sites has changed in five years Chartbeat data for 546 UK and US news sites reveals where publishers get their traffic from. By Aisha Majid Where do Britons get their news? Publisher websites and TV most popular sources Traditional news names are still the most popular news sources in the UK a new survey finds By Aisha Majid Ranked: The best newsbrands at converting readers to paying subscribers Ranked: major subscription newsbrands by share of paying readers among their online audiences. By Aisha Majid Mail joins 100k Club: Exclusive ranking of world’s top paywalled news publishers Press Gazette's 100k Club finds almost 35m digital news subscriptions across the largest English-language publishers. By Aisha Majid Audience data: Sun claims top spot as UK’s most widely read commercial newsbrand The Sun ahead of the Daily Mail in latest Pamco readership figures. By Dominic Ponsford Who reads the Daily Mail? Why biggest print title still has a huge influence Circulation and demographic breakdown showing who reads the Daily Mail. By Dominic Ponsford ABCs: Regional dailies see average print decline of 19% (but online looking brighter) Data reveals large drops in UK regional print circulation, although some brands' online audiences have grown. By Aisha Majid Magazine ABCs 2022: Digital edition circulation up by 22% ABC consumer magazine data shows growth in digital circulation in 2022. By Aisha Majid Women’s interest magazine ABCs 2022: Slimming World only title to see print growth Six titles recorded year-on-year digital circulation growth in the UK and Ireland. By Bron Maher Magazine ABCs 2022: Private Eye leads UK news mags with best sales since 2017 Private Eye grew by 5% and remains the UK's biggest news and current affairs magazine. By Bron Maher Magazine ABCs for 2022: Full breakdown of print and digital circulations Full breakdown of magazine ABC circulation data for 2022. By Aisha Majid Piers Morgan’s Rishi Sunak interview drags TalkTV ratings above BBC News, Sky News and GB News Morgan's interview with Sunak ran a day before Nadine Dorries' TalkTV debut, featuring Boris Johnson. By William Turvill How Google has downgraded importance of news websites in search results Data from SEO experts Sistrix reveals big losses for news domains in organic search in 2022. By Aisha Majid RAJARs: Talkradio and Times Radio end 2022 with double-digit listener growth News UK stations Times Radio and Talkradio were both up year-on-year. By Aisha Majid Most popular news apps in the UK: BBC closes the gap on Apple News Press Gazette's quarterly ranking of the most popular news apps in the UK, using data from Ipsos iris. By Aisha Majid Tiktok: Who are the news publishers with the biggest followings and fastest growth? Press Gazette analysis reveals the news publishers with the biggest and fastest-growing followings on Tiktok. By Aisha Majid Podcasts among biggest UK media growth opportunities for 2023 – Yougov Yougov survey shows Brits expect to listen to more podcasts in 2023. By Aisha Majid Most popular news apps in the UK and US in 2022 Press Gazette ranks the most downloaded news apps in 2022. By Aisha Majid The News Agents podcast hits 10 million downloads Global said The News Agents has also attracted 23 million video views across social media. By William Turvill Survey suggests people don’t trust news industry because they don’t understand it Research reveals a striking correlation between lack of trust in journalism and a lack of knowledge of the industry. By Aisha Majid Press Gazette About us Home Page Contact us Advertising & Partnerships Social Facebook Twitter Legals Editorial standards/Complaints and Corrections Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Fighting for quality news media in the digital age. © Copyright 2025 PROGRESSIVE MEDIA INVESTMENTS LTD. Websites in our network