PG Podcast Archives - Press Gazette Sign In Sign Out Account Fighting for quality news media in the digital age. All Sections Search In this section Latest Gen AI Adtech Publishers PG Events Data Podcast Search Home Latest Gen AI Adtech Publishers Back to all sections B2B Broadcast Journalism Digital Journalism Magazines National Newspapers Regional Newspapers Photography Wires and Agencies PG Events Data Back to all sections Audience Data Business Data Podcast Explore Press Gazette All Latest Articles News Generative AI in Publishing Comment North America Paywalls Podcasts Newsletters Obituaries Ads & Marketing B2B National Newspapers Broadcast Journalism Digital Journalism Magazines Regional Newspapers Wires and Agencies Media Business Media Law PG Podcast The Future of Media Explained - Latest Press Gazette Podcasts Podcast 79: How Bluesky became News-sky, Google Discover, US election lessons Press Gazette editor-in-chief Dominic Ponsford talks about the benefits of Bluesky for publishers with the zeal of a new… By Press Gazette Podcast 78: Generative AI in the newsroom at The Telegraph Telegraph director of technology Dylan Jacques explains how the brand got serious with gen AI. By Press Gazette Podcast 77: Election endorsements, revolting Guardian journalists and regulating AI Dominic Ponsford and Bron Maher discuss the stories making the headlines on Press Gazette. By Press Gazette Podcast 76: Making news pay the Boston Globe way Podcast interview with Boston Globe chief commercial officer Kayvan Salamanpour. By Press Gazette Podcast 75: Bonnier News CEO on power of bundles and personalisation Anders Eriksson tells Press Gazette about next stage of subscriptions growth and business transformation. By Press Gazette Podcast 74: Setting goals for US expansion with Footballco’s first North America CEO Jason Wagenheim talks to the Future of Media Explained about Footballco's planned trajectory ahead of the 2026 World Cup. By Press Gazette Podcast 73: How Total Politics is making B2B work without a paywall Amid an election widely expected to have a dramatic outcome, Press Gazette sat down with Mark Wallace, the chief… By Bron Maher Podcast 72: Camilla Tominey and Kamal Ahmed on cracking a busy news podcast market The Telegraph’s new daily news podcast, The Daily T, is the latest entrant to an increasingly crowded audio market.… By Bron Maher Podcast 71: Daily Mail CEO Rich Caccappolo on keeping journalism free This episode includes excerpts from an interview between Press Gazette editor-in-chief Dominic Ponsford and Rich Caccappolo, CEO of Daily… By Press Gazette Podcast 70: The Atlantic’s winning subscription strategy with CEO Nicholas Thompson Thompson speaks to Press Gazette after the magazine brand reached profitability and 1m subscribers. By Press Gazette Podcast 69: How different minds can thrive in news media Times Radio journalist Darryl Morris and freelance reporter Lydia Wilkins on how ADHD and autism both help and hinder… By Press Gazette Podcast 68: How to make news pay on Youtube with TLDR News Bron Maher talks to Youtube publisher TLDR. By Dominic Ponsford Podcast 67: Magazine ABCs winners and losers with Nada Arnot of The Economist The Economist executive VP Nada Arnot talks about the circulation success of Espresso. By Press Gazette Podcast 66: Online advertising – how publishers can survive a tsunami of change Jim Edwards on how publishers can adapt to an online advertising ecosystem which has changed utterly. By Press Gazette Podcast 65: Beyond Google? Amazon and Microsoft are future says Ricky Sutton Ricky Sutton joins Dominic Ponsford to talk Duopoly, AI and how future of news can be brighter. By Press Gazette Podcast 64: Why Reach is upbeat about online ads despite the big cookie switch-off Terry Hornsby on digital areas of focus at the UK's biggest commercial publisher. By Press Gazette Podcast 63: Political reporting in an election year with Chris Hope and Gloria De Piero Gloria De Piero and Christopher Hope of GB News speak to Press Gazette's Dominic Ponsford. By Dominic Ponsford Podcast 62: How publishers can sell online advertising in an awful market The Guardian's SVP for North American advertising lays out the publisher's survival strategies. By Press Gazette Podcast 61: Why bad news can be good for business publishers with Dow Jones CEO Almar Latour The Wall Street Journal publisher spoke to Press Gazette at our inaugural New York event in November. By Press Gazette Podcast 60: How to make local news pay with Newsquest CEO Henry Faure Walker In a rare interview, Faure Walker discusses the state of the industry, ads, subscriptions and AI. By Press Gazette Podcast 59: From subscriptions to membership at Elle UK Podcast interview with Elle UK editor Kenya Hunt. By Press Gazette Podcast 58: How the Daily Mail become a hit on Tiktok Mail Online's head of social video Phil Harvey explains what they're doing on Tiktok. By Press Gazette Podcast 57: What is the Murdoch Factor? Peter Jukes talks about Rupert Murdoch's unique qualities. By Press Gazette Podcast 56: Is the future looking brighter for Future? Jon Steinberg CEO interview Dominic Ponsford interviews Future CEO Jon Steinberg. By Dominic Ponsford Podcast 55: Launching in a time of turmoil, with Semafor CEO Justin B Smith Semafor's Justin B Smith speaks to Press Gazette nine months after the site's launch. By Charlotte Tobitt Podcast 54: AI in the newsroom part 2 – caution at The Guardian The Guardian's head of editorial innovation joins the Press Gazette podcast. By Press Gazette Podcast 53: AI in the newsroom at Mediahuis The latest podcast hears from Mediahuis data and insights director Trui Lanckriet. By Aisha Majid Podcast 52: Big news media trends for 2023: This much we know The Press Gazette team sums up the trends of the first half of 2023 in our latest podcast. By Press Gazette Podcast 51: Solutions journalism – how The Times is trying to fix health and education How Rachel Sylvester decided to become part of the solution for health and education. By Dominic Ponsford Podcast 50: Generative AI and the news business – don’t get fooled again What do we know so far about AI and news and what will happen next? By Press Gazette Podcast 49: Why Barstool Sports is betting on success during a ‘dark time for media’ with CEO Erika Ayers Barstool Sports CEO Erika Ayers is the latest guest on Press Gazette's podcast. By Press Gazette Podcast 48: How the FT found a new paying audience with FT Edit A year on, we check in with FT Edit editor Malcolm Moore to hear how his experiment has progressed. By Bron Maher Podcast 47: Doing battle with the duopoly, with Paul Deegan of News Media Canada Canada news boss on what publishers in other countries can learn from the Online News Act. By Press Gazette Podcast 46: How publishers can cash in on online shopping Christian Broughton speaks about the value of e-commerce at The Independent. By Aisha Majid Podcast 45: Tina Brown on Sir Harry’s legacy and the future of investigative journalism Tina Brown on the future of investigative journalism and Prince Harry's holy war. By Press Gazette Podcast 44: Life after The Times for David Aaronovitch: Going solo on Substack David Aaronovitch speaks to Press Gazette's Future of Media Explained podcast. By Press Gazette Podcast 43: How to build a podcast from scratch with Andrew Harrison of Podmasters Harrison speaks about Podmasters' growth, BBC Sounds and the sector's future. By Press Gazette Podcast 42: The future of music journalism with NME Networks’ Holly Bishop Bishop speaks about the evolution of NME, Uncut, Musictech and Guitar.com. By Press Gazette Podcast 41: Going global with GQ editorial boss Will Welch Will Welch discusses the switch to a global content strategy at GQ. By Charlotte Tobitt Podcast 40: Making tabloid journalism pay in digital age at The Sun Sun publisher Dominic Carter explains why the future is bright in his part of the media. By Dominic Ponsford Podcast 39: New York Times head of games Jonathan Knight on the fun way to boost online subscriptions The New York Times' Jonathan Knight explains the commercial reasoning behind the publisher's investment in games. By Bron Maher Podcast 38: Donations as a reader revenue strategy, with Mother Jones CEO Monika Bauerlein Mother Jones CEO Monika Bauerlein is the latest guest on the Future of Media Explained podcast. By Press Gazette Podcast 37: Why there’s still life left in TV news bulletins, with 5 News editor Cait Fitzsimons 5 News editor Cait Fitzsimons appeared on the latest episode of the Future of Media Explained podcast. By Press Gazette Podcast 36: The future of women’s magazines, with Cosmo UK editor Claire Hodgson Claire Hodgson discusses the evolution of Cosmopolitan UK with Press Gazette's podcast. By Press Gazette Podcast 35: Setting up a paywall in UK local news, with Edward McCann of the Belfast Telegraph Mediahuis Ireland's publishing director on how the Belfast Telegraph is growing its local news paywall. By Aisha Majid Future of Media Explained 34: The future of climate journalism, with Carbon Brief’s Leo Hickman Press Gazette’s 34th Future of Media Explained podcast takes a look at climate reporting – and why fresh-faced reporters… By Press Gazette Future of Media Explained 33: Paywall strategies for 2023 Paywall strategies for 2023 revealed. By Press Gazette Podcast 32: Beyond rolling news with Sky News Sky News bosses Cristina Nicolotti Squires and Jonathan Levy reflect on a busy 2022 and the year ahead. By Press Gazette Podcast 31: Building a direct audience using email newsletters, with Metro.co.uk editor Deborah Arthurs Metro.co.uk editor Deborah Arthurs on how newsletters are helping build engagement. By Press Gazette Podcast 30: The future of royal reporting after Spare Camilla Tominey talks to the Press Gazette podcast about the future of royal reporting. By Dominic Ponsford Press Gazette About us Home Page Contact us Advertising & Partnerships Social Facebook Twitter Legals Editorial standards/Complaints and Corrections Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Fighting for quality news media in the digital age. © Copyright 2025 PROGRESSIVE MEDIA INVESTMENTS LTD. Websites in our network